
			   Quagga TODO list
                             2004/11/24

zebra:

o Pointopoint address configuration.
o Multiple (alias) address configuration for the interface when kernel
  support it [just starting].
o improve rtnetlink to handle sequence number tracking and reconciliation
  and resyncs.
o Add support for valid and preferred lifetimes to IPv6 addresses 
o proper support for (at least) 1-level recursive routes
o Ability to set src on routes, where systems support it.
o Ability to apply route-maps to daemon route updates.

bgpd:

o BGP TCP MD5 authentication by password command.
o HUP signal support (reload configuration file).
o BGP multi-path extension
o move FSM state to be per-connection, not per-peer.
o Add support for internal and minimum-metric MED setting

ripd:

o Multipath support.

ospfd:

o Rewrite the incremental RT update code.
o Demand circuits.
o Multiple instances.
o OSPF MIB [SNMP get is amost finished].
o HUP signal treatment.
o Fragment Oversized LSAs 
o move SPF to common code
o NSSA priority rules (RFC3101 2.4)
o Type-7 address ranges (RFC3101 2.2)
o Originating Type-7 default into area (RFC3101 2.7)

ospf6d:

o move SPF to common code
o add router-id lookups

isisd:

o finish SPF
o select nearest L2 when running SPF for L1
o remove the routes when holding time for nexthop expires
o redistribution
o autosummary

o Mesh groups (RFC2973)
o Crypto authentication (RFC3567)

lib:
o improve route_table speed, eg strided lookups for common prefix depths.
o improve hash tables, eg auto-growing hash tables
o move performance sensitive users of hashes over to jhash
o clean up linked lists
o ipv6 addresses need concept of valid/preferred
o implement a generic daemon access/control protocol (eg D-Bus like? 
  simplified SNMP-a-like?)
o merge SPF code from ospfd and ospf6d into a common libspf
o depends-on(generic A/C protocol) move snmp to seperate daemon
o extend command definitions to allow them to be self-documenting
o i18n command help strings
o Document the exported API (DocBook/Doxygen?)

vtysh:
o untangle readline specific bits
o add a vtyd with a vty (ie telnet) frontend (as opposed to readline)
o depends-on(generic A/C protocol) use such
o better AAA support than just PAM, eg krb5, SASL, LDAP..
                        -----------------------------

